.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Description

*Replace this paragraph with a description of what this PR is doing. If you're modifying existing behavior, describe the existing behavior, how this PR is changing it, and what motivated the change.*

## Related Issues

*Replace this paragraph with a list of issues related to this PR from the [issue database](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues). Indicate, which of these issues are resolved or fixed by this PR. Note that you'll have to prefix the issue numbers with flutter/flutter#.*

## Checklist

Before you create this PR confirm that it meets all requirements listed below by checking the relevant checkboxes (`[x]`). This will ensure a smooth and quick review process.

- [ ] I read the [Contributor Guide] and followed the process outlined there for submitting PRs.
- [ ] My PR includes unit or integration tests for *all* changed/updated/fixed behaviors (See [Contributor Guide]).
- [ ] All existing and new tests are passing.
- [ ] I updated/added relevant documentation (doc comments with `///`).
- [ ] The analyzer (`flutter analyze`) does not report any problems on my PR.
- [ ] I read and followed the [Flutter Style Guide].
- [ ] The title of the PR starts with the name of the plugin surrounded by square brackets, e.g. [shared_preferences]
- [ ] I updated pubspec.yaml with an appropriate new version according to the [pub versioning philosophy].
- [ ] I updated CHANGELOG.md to add a description of the change.
- [ ] I signed the [CLA].
- [ ] I am willing to follow-up on review comments in a timely manner.

## Breaking Change

Does your PR require plugin users to manually update their apps to accommodate your change?

- [ ] Yes, this is a breaking change (please indicate a breaking change in CHANGELOG.md and increment major revision).
- [ ] No, this is *not* a breaking change.

<!-- Links -->
[issue database]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues
[Contributor Guide]: https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[Flutter Style Guide]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Style-guide-for-Flutter-repo
[pub versioning philosophy]: https://www.dartlang.org/tools/pub/versioning
[CLA]: https://cla.developers.google.com/

Commit message:

Added latest changes from upstream/master

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

*Replace this paragraph with a description of what this PR is changing or adding, and why. Consider including before/after screenshots.*

*List which issues are fixed by this PR. You must list at least one issue.*

*If you had to change anything in the [flutter/tests] repo, include a link to the migration guide as per the [breaking change policy].*

## Pre-launch Checklist

- [ ] The title of the PR starts with the name of the plugin surrounded by square brackets, e.g. `[shared_preferences]`
- [ ] I read the [Contributor Guide] and followed the process outlined there for submitting PRs.
- [ ] I read the [Tree Hygiene] wiki page, which explains my responsibilities.
- [ ] I read and followed the [Flutter Style Guide] and the [C++, Objective-C, Java style guides].
- [ ] I listed at least one issue that this PR fixes in the description above.
- [ ] I added new tests to check the change I am making or feature I am adding, or Hixie said the PR is test exempt.
- [ ] I updated pubspec.yaml with an appropriate new version according to the [pub versioning philosophy].
- [ ] I updated CHANGELOG.md to add a description of the change.
- [ ] I updated/added relevant documentation (doc comments with `///`).
- [ ] I signed the [CLA].
- [ ] All existing and new tests are passing.

If you need help, consider asking for advice on the #hackers-new channel on [Discord].

<!-- Links -->
[Contributor Guide]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Tree-hygiene#overview
[Tree Hygiene]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Tree-hygiene
[Flutter Style Guide]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Style-guide-for-Flutter-repo
[C++, Objective-C, Java style guides]: https://github.com/flutter/engine/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#style
[CLA]: https://cla.developers.google.com/
[flutter/tests]: https://github.com/flutter/tests
[breaking change policy]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Tree-hygiene#handling-breaking-changes
[Discord]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Chat
[pub versioning philosophy]: https://dart.dev/tools/pub/versioning
