README.md, before:

# Flutter plugins

[![Build Status](https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/plugins.svg)](https://cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/plugins/master)

This repo is a companion repo to the main [flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter). It contains the source code for
Flutter first-party plugins (i.e., plugins developed by the core Flutter team).
Check the `packages` directory for all plugins.

Flutter plugins enable access to platform-specific APIs. For more information
about plugins, and how to use them, see
[https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/](https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/).

These plugins are also available on
[pub](https://pub.dev/flutter/packages).

## Issues

Please file any issues, bugs, or feature requests in the [main flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new).

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute a new plugin to the Flutter ecosystem, please
see the documentation for [developing packages](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages/) and
[platform channels](https://flutter.dev/platform-channels/). You can store
your plugin source code in any GitHub repository (the present repo is only
intended for plugins developed by the core Flutter team). Once your plugin
is ready you can [publish](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages/#publish)
to the [pub repository](https://pub.dev/).

If you wish to contribute a change to any of the existing plugins in this repo,
please review our [contribution guide](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md),
and send a [pull request](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls).

## Plugins
These are the available plugins in this repository.

| Plugin | Pub | Points | Popularity | Likes |
|--------|-----|--------|------------|-------|
| [android_alarm_manager](./packages/android_alarm_manager/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/android_alarm_manager.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/android_alarm_manager/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager/score) |  [![popularity](https://badges.bar/android_alarm_manager/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/android_alarm_manager/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager/score) |
| [android_intent](./packages/android_intent/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/android_intent.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/android_intent/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/android_intent/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/android_intent/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent/score) |
| [battery](./packages/battery/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/battery.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/battery/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/battery/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/battery/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery/score) |
| [camera](./packages/camera/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/camera.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/camera/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/camera/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/camera/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera/score) |
| [connectivity](./packages/connectivity/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/connectivity/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/connectivity/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/connectivity/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity/score) |
| [device_info](./packages/device_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/device_info.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/device_info/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/device_info/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/device_info/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info/score) |
| [e2e (Discontinued, use integration_test)](./packages/e2e/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/e2e.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/e2e/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/e2e/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/e2e/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e/score) |
| [espresso](./packages/espresso/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/espresso.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/espresso/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/espresso/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/espresso/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso/score) |
| [flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle](./packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/score) |
| [google_maps_flutter](./packages/google_maps_flutter) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_maps_flutter.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/google_maps_flutter/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/google_maps_flutter/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/google_maps_flutter/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter/score) |
| [google_sign_in](./packages/google_sign_in/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_sign_in.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/google_sign_in/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/google_sign_in/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/google_sign_in/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in/score) |
| [image_picker](./packages/image_picker/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/image_picker.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/image_picker/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/image_picker/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/image_picker/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker/score) |
| [integration_test](./packages/integration_test/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/integration_test.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/integration_test/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/integration_test/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/integration_test/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test/score) |
| [in_app_purchase](./packages/in_app_purchase/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/in_app_purchase.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/in_app_purchase/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/in_app_purchase/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/in_app_purchase/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase/score) |
| [ios_platform_images](./packages/ios_platform_images/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ios_platform_images.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/ios_platform_images/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/ios_platform_images/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/ios_platform_images/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images/score) |
| [local_auth](./packages/local_auth/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/local_auth.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/local_auth/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/local_auth/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/local_auth/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth/score) |
| [package_info](./packages/package_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/package_info/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/package_info/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/package_info/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info/score) |
| [path_provider](./packages/path_provider/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/path_provider.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/path_provider/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/path_provider/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/path_provider/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider/score) |
| [plugin_platform_interface](./packages/plugin_platform_interface/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/plugin_platform_interface.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/plugin_platform_interface/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/plugin_platform_interface/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/plugin_platform_interface/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface/score) |
| [quick_actions](./packages/quick_actions/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/quick_actions.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/quick_actions/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/quick_actions/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/quick_actions/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions/score) |
| [sensors](./packages/sensors/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/sensors.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/sensors/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/sensors/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/sensors/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors/score) |
| [share](./packages/share/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/share) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/share/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/share/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/share/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/share/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/share/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/share/score) |
| [shared_preferences](./packages/shared_preferences/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/shared_preferences.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/shared_preferences/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/shared_preferences/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/shared_preferences/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences/score) |
| [url_launcher](./packages/url_launcher/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/url_launcher/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/url_launcher/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/url_launcher/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher/score) |
| [video_player](./packages/video_player/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/video_player.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/video_player/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/video_player/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/video_player/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player/score) |
| [webview_flutter](./packages/webview_flutter/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/webview_flutter.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/webview_flutter/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/webview_flutter/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/webview_flutter/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter/score) |

Commit message:

Add plugin issue query to README

README.md, after:

# Flutter plugins

[![Build Status](https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/plugins.svg)](https://cirrus-ci.com/github/flutter/plugins/master)

This repo is a companion repo to the main [flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter). It contains the source code for
Flutter first-party plugins (i.e., plugins developed by the core Flutter team).
Check the `packages` directory for all plugins.

Flutter plugins enable access to platform-specific APIs. For more information
about plugins, and how to use them, see
[https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/](https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/).

These plugins are also available on
[pub](https://pub.dev/flutter/packages).

## Issues

Please file any issues, bugs, or feature requests in the [main flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new).

Issues pertaining to this repository are [labeled
"plugin"](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aplugin).

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute a new plugin to the Flutter ecosystem, please
see the documentation for [developing packages](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages/) and
[platform channels](https://flutter.dev/platform-channels/). You can store
your plugin source code in any GitHub repository (the present repo is only
intended for plugins developed by the core Flutter team). Once your plugin
is ready you can [publish](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages/#publish)
to the [pub repository](https://pub.dev/).

If you wish to contribute a change to any of the existing plugins in this repo,
please review our [contribution guide](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md),
and send a [pull request](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls).

## Plugins
These are the available plugins in this repository.

| Plugin | Pub | Points | Popularity | Likes |
|--------|-----|--------|------------|-------|
| [android_alarm_manager](./packages/android_alarm_manager/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/android_alarm_manager.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/android_alarm_manager/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager/score) |  [![popularity](https://badges.bar/android_alarm_manager/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/android_alarm_manager/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_alarm_manager/score) |
| [android_intent](./packages/android_intent/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/android_intent.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/android_intent/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/android_intent/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/android_intent/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/android_intent/score) |
| [battery](./packages/battery/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/battery.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/battery/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/battery/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/battery/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/battery/score) |
| [camera](./packages/camera/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/camera.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/camera/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/camera/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/camera/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/camera/score) |
| [connectivity](./packages/connectivity/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/connectivity/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/connectivity/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/connectivity/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity/score) |
| [device_info](./packages/device_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/device_info.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/device_info/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/device_info/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/device_info/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info/score) |
| [e2e (Discontinued, use integration_test)](./packages/e2e/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/e2e.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/e2e/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/e2e/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/e2e/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/e2e/score) |
| [espresso](./packages/espresso/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/espresso.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/espresso/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/espresso/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/espresso/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/espresso/score) |
| [flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle](./packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/score) |
| [google_maps_flutter](./packages/google_maps_flutter) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_maps_flutter.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/google_maps_flutter/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/google_maps_flutter/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/google_maps_flutter/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter/score) |
| [google_sign_in](./packages/google_sign_in/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_sign_in.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/google_sign_in/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/google_sign_in/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/google_sign_in/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in/score) |
| [image_picker](./packages/image_picker/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/image_picker.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/image_picker/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/image_picker/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/image_picker/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker/score) |
| [integration_test](./packages/integration_test/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/integration_test.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/integration_test/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/integration_test/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/integration_test/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/integration_test/score) |
| [in_app_purchase](./packages/in_app_purchase/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/in_app_purchase.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/in_app_purchase/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/in_app_purchase/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/in_app_purchase/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/in_app_purchase/score) |
| [ios_platform_images](./packages/ios_platform_images/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/ios_platform_images.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/ios_platform_images/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/ios_platform_images/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/ios_platform_images/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/ios_platform_images/score) |
| [local_auth](./packages/local_auth/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/local_auth.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/local_auth/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/local_auth/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/local_auth/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth/score) |
| [package_info](./packages/package_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/package_info/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/package_info/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/package_info/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info/score) |
| [path_provider](./packages/path_provider/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/path_provider.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/path_provider/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/path_provider/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/path_provider/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider/score) |
| [plugin_platform_interface](./packages/plugin_platform_interface/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/plugin_platform_interface.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/plugin_platform_interface/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/plugin_platform_interface/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/plugin_platform_interface/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/plugin_platform_interface/score) |
| [quick_actions](./packages/quick_actions/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/quick_actions.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/quick_actions/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/quick_actions/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/quick_actions/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/quick_actions/score) |
| [sensors](./packages/sensors/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/sensors.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/sensors/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/sensors/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/sensors/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors/score) |
| [share](./packages/share/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/share) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/share/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/share/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/share/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/share/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/share/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/share/score) |
| [shared_preferences](./packages/shared_preferences/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/shared_preferences.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/shared_preferences/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/shared_preferences/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/shared_preferences/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences/score) |
| [url_launcher](./packages/url_launcher/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/url_launcher/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/url_launcher/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/url_launcher/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher/score) |
| [video_player](./packages/video_player/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/video_player.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/video_player/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/video_player/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/video_player/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player/score) |
| [webview_flutter](./packages/webview_flutter/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/webview_flutter.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter) | [![pub points](https://badges.bar/webview_flutter/pub%20points)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter/score) | [![popularity](https://badges.bar/webview_flutter/popularity)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter/score) | [![likes](https://badges.bar/webview_flutter/likes)](https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter/score) |
