script/tool/README.md, before:

# Flutter Plugin Tools

Note: The commands in tools are designed to run at the root of the repository or `<repository-root>/packages/`.

To run the tool:

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>/script/tool && dart pub get && cd ../../
dart run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart <args>
```

## Format Code

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
dart run /script/tool/lib/src/main.dart format --plugins plugin_name
```

## Run static analyzer

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
pub run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart analyze --plugins plugin_name
```

## Run Dart unit tests

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
pub run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart test --plugins plugin_name
```

## Run XCTests

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
dart run lib/src/main.dart xctest --target RunnerUITests --skip <plugins_to_skip>
```

## Publish and tag release

``sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
git checkout <commit_hash_to_publish>
dart run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart publish-plugin --package <package>
``

By default the tool tries to push tags to the `upstream` remote, but some
additional settings can be configured. Run `dart run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart publish-plugin --help` for more usage information.

The tool wraps `pub publish` for pushing the package to pub, and then will
automatically use git to try to create and push tags. It has some additional
safety checking around `pub publish` too. By default `pub publish` publishes
_everything_, including untracked or uncommitted files in version control.
`publish-plugin` will first check the status of the local
directory and refuse to publish if there are any mismatched files with version
control present.

There is a lot about this process that is still to be desired. Some top level
items are being tracked in
[flutter/flutter#27258](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/27258).

Commit message:

Prep the tools for publishing
Re-adds the LICENSE and CHANGELOG, and updates the README and pubspec,
in preparation for pushing an updated version of the package.

We are still using flutter_plugin_tools in flutter/packages, so this
allows us to use updates (e.g., license checks, fixed version checks) in
that repository as well. The README has been updated to note that it is
no longer intended for general use, and we will (if it allows
publishing) continue to mark the package as discontinued to reflect
that.

script/tool/README.md, after:

# Flutter Plugin Tools

This is a set of utilities used in the flutter/plugins and flutter/packages
repositories. It is no longer explictily maintained as a general-purpose tool
for multi-package repositories, so your mileage may vary if using it in other
repositories.

----

Note: The commands in tools are designed to run at the root of the repository or `<repository-root>/packages/`.

To run the tool (in flutter/plugins):

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>/script/tool && dart pub get && cd ../../
dart run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart <args>
```

## Format Code

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
dart run /script/tool/lib/src/main.dart format --plugins plugin_name
```

## Run static analyzer

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
pub run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart analyze --plugins plugin_name
```

## Run Dart unit tests

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
pub run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart test --plugins plugin_name
```

## Run XCTests

```sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
dart run lib/src/main.dart xctest --target RunnerUITests --skip <plugins_to_skip>
```

## Publish and tag release

``sh
cd <path_to_plugins>
git checkout <commit_hash_to_publish>
dart run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart publish-plugin --package <package>
``

By default the tool tries to push tags to the `upstream` remote, but some
additional settings can be configured. Run `dart run ./script/tool/lib/src/main.dart publish-plugin --help` for more usage information.

The tool wraps `pub publish` for pushing the package to pub, and then will
automatically use git to try to create and push tags. It has some additional
safety checking around `pub publish` too. By default `pub publish` publishes
_everything_, including untracked or uncommitted files in version control.
`publish-plugin` will first check the status of the local
directory and refuse to publish if there are any mismatched files with version
control present.

There is a lot about this process that is still to be desired. Some top level
items are being tracked in
[flutter/flutter#27258](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/27258).
