packages/video_player/video_player_web/README.md, before:

# video_player_web

The web implementation of [`video_player`][1].


## Usage

This package is the endorsed implementation of `video_player` for the web platform since version `0.10.5`, so it gets automatically added to your application by depending on `video_player: ^0.10.5`.

No further modifications to your `pubspec.yaml` should be required in a recent enough version of Flutter (`>=1.12.13+hotfix.4`):

```yaml
...
dependencies:
  ...
  video_player: ^0.10.5
  ...
```

Once you have the correct `video_player` dependency in your pubspec, you should
be able to use `package:video_player` as normal, even from your web code.

## dart:io

The Web platform does **not** suppport `dart:io`, so attempts to create a `VideoPlayerController.file` will throw an `UnimplementedError`.

## Autoplay
Playing videos without prior interaction with the site might be prohibited
by the browser and lead to runtime errors. See also: https://goo.gl/xX8pDD.

## Supported Formats

**Different web browsers support different sets of video codecs.**

### Video codecs?

Check MDN's [**Web video codec guide**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Video_codecs) to learn more about the pros and cons of each video codec.

### What codecs are supported?

Visit [**caniuse.com: 'video format'**](https://caniuse.com/#search=video%20format) for a breakdown of which browsers support what codecs. You can customize charts there for the users of your particular website(s).

Here's an abridged version of the data from caniuse, for a Global audience:

#### MPEG-4/H.264
[![Data on Global support for the MPEG-4/H.264 video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/mpeg4.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=mpeg4)

#### WebM
[![Data on Global support for the WebM video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/webm.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=webm)

#### Ogg/Theora
[![Data on Global support for the Ogg/Theora video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/ogv.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=ogv)

#### AV1
[![Data on Global support for the AV1 video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/av1.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=av1)

#### HEVC/H.265
[![Data on Global support for the HEVC/H.265 video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/hevc.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=hevc)


[1]: ../video_player

Commit message:

[video_player] Ignore setting mixWithOthers in web
This option can't be implemented in the web platform, so it is better to
just ignore it as there is no other alternative when running in web.

The documentation is updated to note this option will be silently
ignored in web.

Fixes https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/75493.

Signed-off-by: Leandro Lucarella <luca@llucax.com>

packages/video_player/video_player_web/README.md, after:

# video_player_web

The web implementation of [`video_player`][1].


## Usage

This package is the endorsed implementation of `video_player` for the web platform since version `0.10.5`, so it gets automatically added to your application by depending on `video_player: ^0.10.5`.

No further modifications to your `pubspec.yaml` should be required in a recent enough version of Flutter (`>=1.12.13+hotfix.4`):

```yaml
...
dependencies:
  ...
  video_player: ^0.10.5
  ...
```

Once you have the correct `video_player` dependency in your pubspec, you should
be able to use `package:video_player` as normal, even from your web code.

## dart:io

The Web platform does **not** suppport `dart:io`, so attempts to create a `VideoPlayerController.file` will throw an `UnimplementedError`.

## Autoplay
Playing videos without prior interaction with the site might be prohibited
by the browser and lead to runtime errors. See also: https://goo.gl/xX8pDD.

## Mixing audio with other audio sources

The `VideoPlayerOptions.mixWithOthers` option can't be implemented in web, at least at the moment. If you use this option it will be silently ignored.

## Supported Formats

**Different web browsers support different sets of video codecs.**

### Video codecs?

Check MDN's [**Web video codec guide**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Video_codecs) to learn more about the pros and cons of each video codec.

### What codecs are supported?

Visit [**caniuse.com: 'video format'**](https://caniuse.com/#search=video%20format) for a breakdown of which browsers support what codecs. You can customize charts there for the users of your particular website(s).

Here's an abridged version of the data from caniuse, for a Global audience:

#### MPEG-4/H.264
[![Data on Global support for the MPEG-4/H.264 video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/mpeg4.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=mpeg4)

#### WebM
[![Data on Global support for the WebM video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/webm.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=webm)

#### Ogg/Theora
[![Data on Global support for the Ogg/Theora video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/ogv.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=ogv)

#### AV1
[![Data on Global support for the AV1 video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/av1.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=av1)

#### HEVC/H.265
[![Data on Global support for the HEVC/H.265 video format](https://caniuse.bitsofco.de/image/hevc.png)](https://caniuse.com/#feat=hevc)


[1]: ../video_player
