packages/package_info/README.md, before:

# PackageInfo

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an
application package.

**Please set your constraint to `package_info: '>=0.4.y+x <2.0.0'`**

## Backward compatible 1.0.0 version is coming
The package_info plugin has reached a stable API, we guarantee that version `1.0.0` will be backward compatible with `0.4.y+z`.
Please use `package_info: '>=0.4.y+x <2.0.0'` as your dependency constraint to allow a smoother ecosystem migration.
For more details see: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Package-migration-to-1.0.0

# Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info/package_info.dart';

/// Get this application packageInfo
PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

/// or Get application packageInfo by packageName
/// Currently Only Support Android
PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatformByPackageName("com.packagename");

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

Or in async mode:

```dart
/// Get this application packageInfo
PackageInfo.fromPlatform().then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});

/// or Get application packageInfo by packageName
/// Currently Only Support Android
PackageInfo.fromPlatformByPackageName("com.packagename").then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});
```

## Known Issue

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS 
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`. 
Clean the Xcode build folder with: 
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`. 

## Issues and feedback

Please file [issues](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new) to send feedback or report a bug. Thank you!

Commit message:

add Known Issue: Package visibility in Android 11

packages/package_info/README.md, after:

# PackageInfo

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an
application package.

**Please set your constraint to `package_info: '>=0.4.y+x <2.0.0'`**

## Backward compatible 1.0.0 version is coming
The package_info plugin has reached a stable API, we guarantee that version `1.0.0` will be backward compatible with `0.4.y+z`.
Please use `package_info: '>=0.4.y+x <2.0.0'` as your dependency constraint to allow a smoother ecosystem migration.
For more details see: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Package-migration-to-1.0.0

# Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info/package_info.dart';

/// Get this application packageInfo
PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

/// or Get application packageInfo by packageName
/// Currently Only Support Android
PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatformByPackageName("com.packagename");

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

Or in async mode:

```dart
/// Get this application packageInfo
PackageInfo.fromPlatform().then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});

/// or Get application packageInfo by packageName
/// Currently Only Support Android
PackageInfo.fromPlatformByPackageName("com.packagename").then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});
```

## Known Issue

- As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS 
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`. 
Clean the Xcode build folder with: 
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`. 

- If you Android application `targetSdkVersion` >= 30, by default, you can only get information about system applications.For specific applications or all applications, please refer to: [Package visibility in Android 11](https://developer.android.com/about/versions/11/privacy/package-visibility)

## Issues and feedback

Please file [issues](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new) to send feedback or report a bug. Thank you!
